OK so is concept a problem too.
So the batteries use to light bulbs is shown to light bulbs are in parallel with each other.
What happens now in bulb to bulb one bulb is unscrewed from its socket.
So the bulb is unscrewed.
It basically means that the resistance of this the resistance of a tends toward something very very
big.
So what happens now.
Well again I've got a whole bunch of different choices here.
Bulb goes out bulb gets dimmer without going out gets slightly dimmer stays the same slightly brighter
noticeably brighter possible to determine that.
So what do we think.
Well again the brightness is a soci to how much current is flowing.
Now remember this problem here again we are always dealing with the ideal kind of power supplies here.
Ideal batteries no internal resistance.
So what happens over here is imagine you do a loop rule before.
Right.
If you do a loop rule before after you're going to get the exact same answer right you're going to get
a voltage gain across the battery and you're going to get a drop across this light bulb.
Light bulb and that equals zero regardless of whether A is there or not.
OK.
You always have the same potential difference across light bulb and you always have the same current
which means that the brightness has to stay the same.
So Bulbus be brightness stays the same for is the best answer out of these ones.